

























Chris Ware 
789 E 901 N , Salt Lake City, UT 11111 
E: cwse@fastmail.com P: 555-234-2345 

Professional Summary 

Experienced software engineer with a passion for developing innovative programs that expedite the 
efficiency and effectiveness of organizational success. Well-versed in technology and writing code to 
create systems that are reliable and user-friendly. Skilled leader who has the proven ability to motivate, 
educate, and manage a team of professionals to build software programs and effectively track changes. 
Confident communicator, strategic thinker, and innovative creator to develop software that is customized 
to meet a company’s organizational needs, highlight their core competencies, and further their success. 

Skills 

● -Well-versed in software tools including HTML, JavaScript, CSS, BackBone and JQuery, 
among others. -Skilled at reading and writing code using viable inputs and outputs after 
accurate assessment of pre- and post-conditions. -Experienced at designing unit tests to measure 
the effectiveness of software programs, backend services, and user interfaces. -Confident 
problem-solving abilities to overcome glitches with creative solutions that are strategically 
designed to last long-term. -Strong communication skills and the ability to listen carefully to 
user feedback to determine modifications for optimal user-function. 

Work Experience 

Software Engineer- 

April 2013 – present 

Rav Industries 

● Developed and designed three critical software programs for financial tracking and reporting. 
● Optimized user effectiveness by creating a detailed feedback queue for users to discuss 

functionality, convenience, and effectiveness. 
● Oversee a team of four software developers and lead weekly discussions to brainstorm ideas in 

software development and to track changes made in existing programs. 

Software Developer- 

February 2008 – April 2013 

Brac Inc. 

● Participated in creating scalable systems for three primary departments, including human 
resources, marketing, and supply chain. 

● Ran monthly unit tests to determine software effectiveness and mend broken links or glitches in 
the system. 

● Gave quarterly reports to executive management regarding current developments, and tracked 
changes in existing software. 

Associate Engineer – Estes Corp. 

February 2011 – April 2013 

● Maintained a system for documenting code and keeping track of software developments. 



● Researched primary technological developments to determine whether implementation into 
organizational processes was efficient and feasible. 

● Participated in strengthening the company’s backend services to optimize usage and prepare for 
emergency blackouts. 

Software Engineer Intern- 

February 2010 – February 2011 

Estes Corp. 

● Researched best practices to share with fellow software team members. 
● Helped write code for a website update using HTML tools. 
● Presented to management an end-of-term demonstration on valuable software developments 

that were in the works. 

Education 

Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering 

2010 

University of Utah 

Salt Lake City Utah 

Hobbies and Interests 

I enjoy volunteering weekly at the local Boys and Girls club where I teach youth how to write code. I am 
an animal lover and enjoy frequent horseback trips with my family. I also appreciate a good book or tennis 
match. 
 


